# Meeting notes - NAISS Documentation

* üìÖ 11 December 2025, 15:00-16:00 via <https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/6152505923>
* üë• **Invited:** Birgitte Bryds√∂, Richel Bilderbeek, Bj√∂rn Claremar, Sahar Mahdie, Karl H√∂rnell, Peter Munger, Roger Larsson, Joachim Hein
* üë• **Present:** Henric, Richel, Birgitte, Zahra, Karl, Sahar, Bj√∂rn, Joachim, Roger

Git repo: <https://github.com/menzzana/NAISS-support-web>

## Recap from last meeting üîÅ

- For cluster soon to be decommisioned just add a link instead of all documentation
  - Alvis
  - Bianca
  - Tetralith
  - Do we want to add softwares here at least?
- Add extra headings for...
  - Allocation
  - Online courses, suggestion to rename to "Courses & Workshops"
    - Index page with link for current courses
    - Future courses integrated within git repo

## Agenda üìë

#### Structure

* Different documentation material have their own folders
  - clusters.yaml: which clusters and what OS version does exist
  - template/
    - index.md: index of the doc sites which is rebuilt
    - mkdocs.yaml: left hand side menu which is rebuilt
  - docs/
    - contact: Contact information to NAISS 
    - download: binary files for download
    - getting_access: How to get access to NAISS
    - static: static files like pictures, CSS
    - dardel: Information only for Dardel
    - applications (built from software)
      - general.md: General information for the software, how to run on different resources
      - keywords.yaml: software category
      - versions.yaml: On what cluster and version has been installed
        - Jonas S√∂derbergh has a script that goes through all modules
    - *allocations*
    - *courses*
    - *arrhenius*
  - Move introduction outside of dardel
  - terminology page
  - How should we format it.
    - Cluster specific headings
    - Can resource specific information be pulled into the docs?
    - General information should not be replicated 
* At the moment...
  - Upon building several python scripts are executed to make the material and then convert it to HTML
  - *make serve* Creates a local implementation of the docs
  - *make public* Publishes the docs. This can be automated
  - *make clean* Removes built documentation


- Everyone in this team should be able to push

## Discussion üí¨

* We move docs to zensical! 
* Do we want material theme? Suggestion for other themes?
* How can we add allocation information to the docs
  - Henric contact Peter
* How can we add online course information to the docs
  - Present courses just link and index page, whereas new pages should be included
* Arrhenius docs
  - Can we use the format for Dardel?

## Tasks ‚úÖ

- [ ] Everyone: Go familiar with current implementation
- [ ] Henric: Investigate and contact NAISS for how we can publish this
- [x] Henric: Call for a meeting with small team directly interested in building documentation
- [ ] Sahar: Investigate which zensical themes and propose which ones to use
- [ ] All: Go through software and see to it to add them to the software pages
- [ ] Joachim: Get decision from the training coordination group regarding how to present course information.
- [ ] Henric: Create a chat group under user support

## Next meeting

2026-?